>>REGINA MEREDITH:
By now, I would
guess that every one
of you have likely
heard of the term "chemtrail."
They're the white, puffy streaks
in the sky that many confuse
with simple condensation
trails or contrails.
These white streaks that
stretch from horizon to horizon
are thought by some
to be the greatest
menace to the
health of all living
things on this planet, far more
impactful than climate change.
In fact, Michael Murphy and
many other experts in this field
would argue that
climate change is
a direct result of
this military program.
First of all, I
need to find out how
you got into this, because
your films are doing really,
really well.
Why In the World has
been winning awards.
It's globally acclaimed.
And I think you've
done a beautiful job.
The production values are great.
The information is great.
But the topic itself
is absolutely critical,
in my opinion, for
everyone to know about.
>>MICHAEL MURPHY: It is, and
after studying and researching
for several years, me and
a number of other people
have come to the conclusion
there has been no greater
threat to not only human
health but the world itself
than from these programs,
short of nuclear catastrophe.
But it's interesting.
The first person that
told me airplanes
were spraying
chemicals into the sky
to create artificial
clouds, I really
thought that person was crazy.
But I lived in
Arizona at the time,
and when I moved out there
for college back in the '80s,
I remembered the deep
blue skies that we had.
And rarely did we
ever have a blemish.
And I moved away for a while.
But when I returned, I
noticed, about five days out
of the week, we
had what appeared
to be high cirrus clouds.
>>REGINA: What year was this?
>>MURPHY: This was
probably in the early 2000s
when I moved back
into that region.
So I knew something was wrong.
I wasn't aware of it.
And then somebody
pointed out, actually,
a trail behind an airplane.
And they said, watch that trail.
That trail will turn
into the high clouds
that you're looking at.
So I became interested
in what was going on,
started researching the issue,
which many people refer to
as chemtrails, and
came to the realization
that something, probably,
was happening in the sky.
What really got me involved
with this was back in 2010,
I was invited to go to a
geoengineering conference.
It was the American
Association for the Advancement
of Science meeting.
And for three days, geoengineers
spoke about their plans
and proposals to spray 10 to 20
million tons of toxic aluminum
oxide and other
toxins into our sky
for what they said was
the stated goal of cooling
our planet.
>>REGINA: OK, now.
10 to 20 million tons--
is that globally?
Or was that specific
to a given region?
>>MURPHY: That's
actually globally.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MURPHY: And what
they want to do
and are currently doing
at this time, which we'll
talk about a lot of
the documentation,
is they have started
these programs.
What was interesting were
some of the consequences
that they spoke about.
Some of the major consequences
were, at first, weather.
Droughts in certain areas,
floods in other areas--
obviously, we're having that.
Ozone depletion-- we now
have a huge major ozone
hole, above both the northern
and southern hemisphere.
A number of people
now are recognizing
that they're burning
much quicker in the sun.
And we have documented
cases of our UV going up.
And again, that's a stated
consequence of geoengineers.
>>REGINA: Which should
be directly relating
to skin cancers, as well.
I would think a rise
in skin cancers.
>>MURPHY: Which we've seen
an incredible increase--
and respiratory mortality,
which has gone from number eight
down to the number three
in the past six years,
which geoengineers
deny about that.
But pH changes in our soil--
and they even state that once,
if they implement
these programs,
which they already have--
>>REGINA: If?
They've been doing this
for well over a decade.
>>MURPHY: Well over a
decade, and they state
that it could disrupt the
food supply of over two
billion people.
We're now in a global food
crisis, which hopefully we'll
talk about today.
>>REGINA: Oh, we're going to
talk to every single thing you
hit on, as a matter of fact.
And this is a
subject that-- it's
frosted me for
about 13 years now.
I also was living in
Arizona starting in 2000.
And the people were talking
about these chemtrails.
And like you, I said, what
are you talking about?
And once I started
looking at the patterns,
I was friends with
one of the doctors
in town, whom I've interviewed.
And he was saying, oh, my
office is packed on these--
they call them spray days.
Everyone in that town,
which was Sedona,
was aware of the chemtrails--
everyone I met, anyway.
So I started
compiling data myself,
massive amounts
of data-- in fact,
almost brought my binder on
chemtrails with the photos
and documents.
And I got so far as to getting
one little admission out
of an FAA public
information officer, when
I exhausted everything
and said, come on.
You can see-- they're
flying right above my head.
Air traffic denies it.
FAA denies it.
Even the National Weather
Service won't talk about these.
Is this because it could
be a military operation?
And he said, yes.
And I thought that was huge.
I stopped gathering
data at that point.
That was in 2001 or '02.
Yet you say in this
geoengineering conference,
they were saying, if we
begin these programs.
>>MURPHY: Right.
What they're doing is
selling these programs
to the public as a way to
mitigate global warming.
And the theory is
putting these chemicals
into our sky will actually
reflect sun back into space
and thus cool the planet.
Since we released the first
film, What in the World
Are They Spraying?, we found
a number of university,
even NASA studies, which
indicate putting aerosols
into our sky
temporarily regionally
will cool the planet.
A number of people
notice on a warm day
when they start
spraying, the temperature
will drop about seven
or eight degrees.
The problem with this is at
night, the aerosols actually
act as a blanket,
and they trap heat.
In the past 10 to
15 years, we've
seen a great increase
in night time highs.
So the question
really remains, what
is the objective
of these programs?
And why would they
implement something
that's so damaging to the planet
and all life that inhibits it?
>>REGINA: And then
at the same time,
you have all of the
agendas and carbon credits
and so forth that they're
trying to implement regarding
global warming-- the very thing
that you say they're creating.
>>MURPHY: Well, without question
it exacerbates global warming.
And what it appears
it has done--
we're talking about the
poisoning of populations, also
the destruction of our ability
to grow natural organic foods.
Hopefully, we'll discuss some
of the ecological challenges.
But the warming of
our planet, actually,
is related to the
methane release.
And methane is very, very
much of a greenhouse gas--
hundreds of times more than CO2.
So it appears that they've
actually sparked the methane
release that we have, which
could be a runaway train
and really be a game changer on
a number of different fronts.
We're talking about some
literally catastrophic events
that appear to be triggered
by these damaging programs.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And first of all, before
we go any further,
let's talking about the
title of the first film,
which you did with G.
Edward Griffin, was called
What In the World
Are They Spraying?
And let's talk about what in the
world they're spraying on us.
Let's get into some of that.
And then we're going
to go to a sound byte
with Dane Wigington, where he's
actually at that conference you
mentioned earlier, asking some
very pertinent questions that
are not being answered well.
>>MURPHY: Yeah.
Well, if we look at
the primary ingredient,
one thing that
geoengineers are stating
is a very effective toxin to
put into our sky is aluminum,
because it's lightweight
and it's highly reflective.
And scientists up in
northern California
started noticing the
forest was collapsing
and trees-- grass
was not growing,
natural organic foods
were not growing.
So they started
testing the soil pH.
And what they found
was devastating.
They found that the pH
of the soil in that area,
which is typically acidic,
was booming to alkaline.
And we're talking about
some very, very substantial
changes-- anywhere between 10 to
20 times the normal alkalinity.
Basic science
tells us plant life
that requires an
acidic soil will
start to die when the pH
changes that dramatically.
So they started
testing the rain.
And what they had found
was just shocking.
They found levels of aluminum,
barium, and strontium--
the primary ingredients
of geoengineering programs
in massive amounts--
and in some cases,
those amount have increased
up to 50,000 percentage points
in just about a six year period.
These will drive
soil pH from acidic
to basic-- exactly
what was happening.
>>REGINA: Well, let me ask
a question at this point.
One thing I've noticed,
even in California--
and we're going to be
taking a look at this
also later in-- on Maui-- people
are complaining each spring
and summer their gardens are
growing normally anymore.
Tomatoes aren't growing.
Sometimes, it's two
months before you even
start getting any
of the little guys.
And some crops aren't
growing at all anymore.
They're just failing, for
backyard organic gardeners,
even.
>>MURPHY: Right.
A couple of reasons-- and I
live on an organic farm in Maui.
During the past 10 years, we've
lost between about a 60% crop
loss just in the past 10 years.
>>REGINA: That's just shocking.
>>MURPHY: Couple of reasons--
the pH changes are devastating,
but aluminum oxide is
very toxic to plant life.
And a lot of trees and
a lot of plant life
actually have root systems
that will shut down
once bio available aluminum
has been introduced.
As a result, the
tree or the plant
suffers a very long, slow
death, because it's not
getting the nutrients.
And this is not being found in
just Hawaii or even northern
California.
But this is being
found around the world.
We have ecosystem collapses
literally around the world.
There are certain
corporations that
benefit from this, which
hopefully, we'll talk about.
>>REGINA: Oh, we're
going to be talking
about that in just a
little later in the show.
>>MURPHY: A little later.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
But also talking about
where in the world--
you were saying they're doing
this all over the globe.
It's mostly specific
countries, NATO countries.
There are some that are
not being sprayed still,
some tiny little populations.
>>MURPHY: I think a myth is
that it's only NATO countries.
>>REGINA: It's
expanded beyond that?
>>MURPHY: Well, it's all NATO
countries, but not limited to.
And I think the
important thing to note
is the fallout of these
programs, the destruction,
is far reaching than
where they spray.
It literally effects
everywhere because of drift.
So we're finding the
primary ingredients
of geoengineering
programs in rain tests
around the world in
literally every region.
So this does affect everything.
But what we have
to do is look back
at geoengineers who are
now calling for emergency
geoengineering to start this
early, quote unquote, legally
this year.
They want to start immediately.
And what they want to
do is cover every region
with this toxic
aerosol of aluminum,
barium, and whatever
else they want
to spray to achieve
their goals, which
definitely are not
to cool the planet.
>>REGINA: In your documentary--
the first one, again--
this show is mostly focusing
on the first documentary.
We're going to have a
second conversation,
just so you know this, focusing
on the second show and the why
of it and who stands
to gain from it.
In this one, we
really want to lay out
what's being sprayed,
has it been researched,
what is it doing to us, what
is it doing to our plant life.
And so in the
documentary, we'll go
to our very first
little clip that we're
going to see from
that geoengineering
conference in which the man we
mentioned earlier-- first tell
us a little bit
about Dane Wigington.
>>MURPHY: Dane Wigington
is a solar expert.
He owns one of the largest
solar powered homes
in northern California-- came
into the issue in about 2002,
once he started noticing
on certain days,
he was losing about 50%
to 70% of his ability
of his solar uptake.
So he went outside,
he looked, and he
noticed these trails above
his house from these airplanes
and noticed a correlation.
So after researching
for a while,
his research quickly
led them into the issue
of geoengineering and
started getting involved
with the scientists
and people from EPA
and other government agencies
talking about the fallout,
talking about the findings,
which they really started
testing in that region, but now
are finding around the world.
So Dane has been very
instrumental at getting
the message out
in a very credible
and a very factual way.
So we've included him
in both documentaries.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Very well spoken-- in the
clip we're going to see,
he's now asking one
of the geoengineers
about the research itself,
how safe is this, right?
>>MURPHY: Well, yeah.
And that was at the
American Association
for the Advancement
of Science meeting.
And that was our last
conference that they
have allowed us to go to.
>>REGINA: You're
not invited anymore.
>>MURPHY: Being that we
made them so popular--
and he asked him about the
toxicity and the human health
consequences of dumping
this into the atmosphere.
>>REGINA: Then let's
take a look at that clip.
>>DANE WIGINGTON: Numerous
air quality studies, including
from CARB, California Air
Quality Research Board,
have named sub-micron
sized particulates as
been particularly harmful
for human respiration.
Through all the
discussions today, I
have not heard any
mention of this fallout.
And has this been studied,
and also the effects
of a highly reactive metal like
aluminum on toxifying soils
and waters?
>>ALAN ROBOCK: The
question is what
would be the effects of these
materials on human health
if they came down
into the stratosphere,
in particular small
particles and aluminum?
>>SPEAKER: So the
collaborators of mine
working on the aerosol
scheme are actually
folks from Carnegie
Mellon who have
focused on human health impacts.
And while we haven't
published it,
that was the very
first thing we did--
was do the order of magnitude
calculation on pencil and paper
with an expert on human health
impacts about whether there
could be an issue.
And for aluminum
or other particles,
there are a lot of
toxicological things
that need to get
looked at seriously.
But if you're just thinking
about the sheer number
of particles and
the human health
impact of small
particles, the answer
is while we have published it,
that was the first thing we
looked at-- was some of
the leading experts who
do epidemiological research
on human health impacts.
And it's not even close
to being an issue.
>>REGINA: Any comments on that?
>>MURPHY: Well, it
was interesting,
because again, geoengineers
have done a tremendous amount
of studies, financial
impact statements.
Even university studies are
now partnering with Bill Gates.
So they've really done
a lot of work into this.
And again, they're
pushing for aluminum
to be the primary ingredient.
What's ironic--
obviously, Dane asked him
if there had been any studies
about the human health
impacts of aluminum
and what spraying this
into the atmosphere would
do to the population.
And they blatantly denied
that there were any studies.
And that's a lie.
The bottom line is there
have been a tremendous amount
of studies linking aluminum to
Alzheimer's, ADD, and a number
of other illnesses.
>>REGINA: So that
fellow was lying to him.
>>MURPHY: Well,
he absolutely was.
And we actually,
during that time,
documented and showed a
document of an aluminum study
that was done on rats that
linked to human health.
So without question,
aluminum is the link
to a number of illnesses.
Since the-- In the
past 10 to 15 years,
we've seen an
incredible increase
in Alzheimer's in
Riverside County alone.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
And we're going to
get into that, too.
The health effects
of it alone-- we
have another little
clip that we're
going to run coming
from Dr. Lenny
Thyme on that in
just a little bit.
What I wanted to find out from
you a little bit more about,
while we're still in this
arena, is the actual levels.
Now, I know there
were some studies done
at Mount Shasta that
were pretty shocking.
And maybe you can
tell about that.
>>MURPHY: Well,
the initial testing
that they did, they found seven
parts per billion of aluminum,
which is already high.
Within a six year period,
they've seen when the storms
come in, and that's-- typically,
when they tend to spray,
they've seen those numbers
escalate very high,
as much as 50,000
percentage points.
We covered in What In the
World Are They Spraying?
a snow sample taken
on Mount Shasta.
And this is expected
to be a pristine area.
It's right where the jet stream
comes in off of the Pacific.
And that test revealed 61,100
parts per billion of aluminum
and very high amounts
of barium and also
strontium-- again, the
primary ingredients.
>>REGINA: And that's how
many times higher than what's
acceptable?
>>MURPHY: Well, acceptable
for drinking water
is 1,000 parts per billion.
>>REGINA: And this is 61,000?
>>MURPHY: Yeah, this is 61 times
what the allowable amount--
unfortunately, hikers hike
on that mountain every year.
They use that snow
for hydration.
And it's literally toxic.
>>REGINA: Well, that's going
into our water supplies,
as well, right?
>>MURPHY: It is.
It hasn't hit the aquifers
yet in Mount Shasta.
It does take about 20 years
for that water to fall down.
But a number of water supplies
do get impacted from this.
And the challenge is without
question, it is in the air
that we breathe.
So every breath that we
take, we're inhaling this.
We are inhaling this.
>>REGINA: One thing
you didn't cover
in this, which I don't know if
it was because it just simply
can't be documented or there
aren't enough studies on it
yet, but when I was chasing the
story down about a decade ago,
one of the people I came across
who was taking samples up
near Mount Adams-- they were
dealing with someone who was
a scientists-- German scientist
from the Project Paper Clip
time, someone who had a
very, very thorough lab.
And as they were
capturing the snow samples
and analyzing them, they were
finding the aluminum oxide
and the barium,
but they were also
finding biological elements.
They were finding certain
bacterial or viral elements
in it.
>>MURPHY: Yes.
Clifford Carnicom has
done just a wonderful job
at compiling that research.
I support his work.
Our films are really focused
on the geoengineering
aspect of that.
So we specialized in that.
And again, he does a
wonderful and very effective
job at bringing to
light the biologicals.
One thing is for sure.
There are a number
of objectives--
and this is
documented-- that can
be achieved by putting
aerosols or even
biologicals into our sky.
And there's a history,
actually, of programs
that have achieved some
of these objectives
with biologicals here in the US.
>>REGINA: Yeah, because
there is no explaining
why you would have certain--
I think one of them
was streptococcus.
There was another one that
might have had something
to do with typhus.
So don't take that to the bank.
These were found in
those same snow samples,
along with the
aluminum and barium.
There's no reason
for those things
to ever be in there, no
less the aluminum-- ever.
>>MURPHY: Well, not for us.
>>REGINA: Not for us.
>>MURPHY: There shouln't be.
But we don't have
to look too far.
Back in-- I believe it
was the '50s or '60s--
an experiment called
the Tuskegee experiment,
where a number of people in
the African American population
were given syphilis.
So experimentation
is nothing new.
It's been done on the American
people for a number of years.
So I ask that people
research this.
Look at everything
that we're saying.
>>REGINA: Look into
Carnicom, as well.
And I think it's
really important.
I know you collaborate.
And it's important to
look at all parts of this.
This is a multi spectrum type
of agenda that's going on.
And it's dastardly beyond
most people's comprehension.
>>MURPHY: Without question, yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's go on to Lenny Thyme.
Also, one more
person-- Francis--
how do you say his
name-- Mangels?
>>MURPHY: Close.
>>REGINA: USDA inspector?
Anyway, he's talking
about soil, right?
And he was talking about
the acidity in the soil,
as you were earlier, because
we're not coming back
to that in this conversation.
Is there anything else around
the soil acidity and what
it does to our crops
and forests that we
need to look at right now?
>>MURPHY: Well, again,
plant life-- typically
northern California,
where they're located,
has an acidic soil so that the
forest, the plant life there,
much of it requires an
acidic soil to grow.
And again, the pH has
changed in that area
to alkaline from anywhere
from 10 to 20 times
the normal alkalinity.
Aluminum oxide,
barium, strontium--
those oxides, which, without
question, are being sprayed
into our skies, will
change a soil from acidic
to alkaline, exactly
what we're seeing.
>>REGINA: Is there any
kind of mitigation?
At this point, organic backyard
farmers might be saying,
well, what can I do, besides
obviously grow inside
a greenhouse, which
is one solution.
It's certainly something
I'm looking at.
>>MURPHY: Yeah, and a couple
of things-- a number of farmers
now in Maui, believe it
or not-- a tropical area
which has very, very rich
soil-- a number of farmers
have had to move into
greenhouses for certain crops.
So some people are doing that.
Oyster mushrooms
absorb aluminum.
I spoke with a good friend and
fellow activist, Morgan Kerry,
who has a organic
gardening business,
also manages Skull, who
wrote Cry Die, which
is a chemtrail song-- he's a
famous artist-- reggae artist.
But he stated, again,
he found that out,
but what he looked into.
And he said the amount
of aluminum that's
being dumped on us
is just simply not
enough for the oyster
mushrooms to literally pull out
of the soil.
So this is something that
we have to address head on.
We have to create
public awareness.
We have to alert our
officials to this
and really take effective,
prudent political action
in addressing this.
Once we do, we can create the
change that we're working for.
>>REGINA: And toward the
end, we'll talk about some
of what we can do to mitigate
the effects on our health,
which we haven't gotten
to yet in this program
and we're going
to in just a bit.
Dr. Lenny Thyme was
talking about the effects
on our health in
your documentary.
And I thought we would go ahead
and take that little cut right
now so we can see
what we're looking
at-- some of the effects.
So let's go ahead and
take a look at that cut.
>>LENNY THYME: Aluminum
is a very specific, nasty,
and biological systems.
It takes that site
and it never lets go
and it shuts down the
site and that's it.
And so as you accumulate
aluminum over time,
it causes major
neurological damage
because it ends up as aluminum
oxide that's essentially
stuck in place and can't be
flushed out by normal systems.
>>TAMMY L. BORN: At the core
of everyone's condition,
there's always some
level of toxins.
And aluminum is known to
have cancer-causing effects.
The half life is decades.
I think that we
should be working
on taking more of these
toxins out of our environment
instead of adding
more toxics in.
It's very concerning that
if we add more toxins
to our environment,
that we'll be increasing
the rates and risks of cancers.
Even one patient
is not worth it.
So sad that they would
consider putting aluminum
in our environment
to affect something
when they could be causing
so much more damage.
>>WIGINGTON: Wherever the
material is coming from,
it is there.
The amount of metal falling
on us cannot be disputed.
Absolutely, this
is not speculation.
The amount of metal in the
last four years, as I said,
have increased to a degree
of thousands of times.
And the California Air
quality Resources Board
has studied the
aerosols from China.
These metals are
not amongst them.
Mike, the reason I've
chosen to focus so primarily
on this issue is I feel all
other issues are secondary.
What could be a greater
priority than not
being able to walk out your
door and take in a breath of air
without sucking up heavy metals?
If our land base
is being poisoned,
if our waters are
being toxified,
what will we have
left to work wtih?
Whatever we choose to focus
our time and energy on,
whatever our political
beliefs, that this
is a common ground
for all of us.
We must have air
that we can breathe
that's not full of toxic
chemicals and metals.
We must have water that's not
completely laden with whatever
is being emitted
from these aircraft.
And if people stopped to
consider that the atmosphere is
as thin as a layer of
paint on a basketball--
it is an extremely thin
layer that allows life
to exist on this planet-- to
simply treat it as a physics
lab and experiment with it
until it is broken beyond repair
is folly of
unbelievable proportion.
And if people understood that
this sort of experimentation
not only is going on, but has
been going on for a very, very
long time-- going
back 50 years, there's
been countless
climate manipulation,
weather modification programs
that the vast majority
of the public is
completely unaware of.
And if they think this is not
true, that certainly, somehow,
they would have known
if it was occurring,
I would ask them
to look at things
like Agent Orange and the
things that governments
do because they can, because
there's no one to stop them,
because they have these
huge military machines that
want to control everything.
And in fact, the
government's own document--
perhaps you may
have seen, and it's
available to anyone online--
is called "Owning the Weather,"
an express goal
of our government,
and not just our government.
>>SPEAKER: He told
the Associated Press
that the American government
has created weather
tampering techniques so that
the new world order will
be able to starve
millions of Americans
and to control the rest.
>>SPEAKER: There is weather
control techniques-- number
one, the entire patents on
the equipment, number two,
Senator Clayborne tells complete
statement and story of his own
that only does it exist,
but that we even utilized it
as far back as the Vietnam War.
>>SPEAKER: We're going
to do what we can.
>>SPEAKER: Let's
see what we can do.
You've got the
scientists behind you.
The scientists are with you,
so-- at least this scientist
is with you.
I may not have a
million dollar budget,
but I've got enough to show that
something's dreadfully wrong
here.
>>SPEAKER: You got it.
All right.
>>REGINA: Good job.
I just totally commend the
amount of incredible effort
you've gone to to
bring this to us.
But let's talk more about
all of the different health
effects that are
being documented now.
>>MURPHY: Well, yeah.
And again, this is
showing up everywhere
in blood tests and hair
follicle tests as well.
So aluminum is very
toxic to our system.
And when we inhale it, we
have a blood brain barrier
that should protect us from it.
What they're spraying
is nanoparticles,
so it will pass right through
the blood brain barrier
into the brain.
So now, we have documented
cases of Alzheimer's of people
in their 40s.
As Dr. Born stated,
she was shocked
to think that somebody would
even propose spraying aluminum
into our atmosphere
because of the toxicity.
And it leads to a number
of neurological illnesses
which, in turn, because
it's highly reactive,
it will actually, in essence,
stick to other particles
into our system.
And it's very
difficult to flush out
without normal chelation
and other things.
As a result, it compromises
our immune system.
So Dr. Born stated we should
expect a number of cancers
and other illnesses to come
in from the daily inhalation
of this metal.
So aluminum-- that in
itself is very toxic.
One of the other primary
ingredients that we're finding
is barium.
Barium is very toxic.
It does a couple of things.
It lowers our immune system.
And then another thing-- I spoke
to a number of emergency room
physicians.
And they state during
heavy spray days,
their emergency
rooms are packed.
>>REGINA: Yeah, like my friend--
horrible upper respiratory,
sinus infections.
>>MURPHY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Asthma.
>>MURPHY: Asthma-- well,
respiratory mortality
has actually gone
from number eight down
to number three in
a six year period.
And a number of
physicians that we're
talking to say their
waiting rooms now
are packed with people
with respiratory illnesses.
But due to the fact that it does
increase our blood pressure,
the physicians told me people
come in, typically of dry
mouth, irritability, headache,
nausea-- some of the minor--
>>REGINA: Side effects.
>>MURPHY: Side effects,
yeah, during those days.
But again, they should expect a
higher incidence of both heart
attacks and strokes, because
it does increase our blood
pressure.
Strontium, which, again, has
been found in massive amounts
all around the world--
and this appears
to be the chemtrail
geoengineering footprint--
aluminum, barium, and strontium.
It's a carcinogen.
So when our bodies are just
loaded with these metals,
with these toxins-- and
there's a lot more than just
aluminum, barium,
and strontium--
our immune systems
will be compromised.
>>REGINA: Add some
biologicals to that.
>>MURPHY: And add some,
yeah, into the mix.
So that, we believe, is
one of the main reasons why
we're seeing this incredible
increase of illness,
flus, and other things that
are ailing society today.
>>REGINA: I was going
to say, during the spray
days in Sedona, when
I was living there--
it's still the
same in California.
It's just that that's
where I first noticed it,
because we had cobalt
blue skies that
were almost never blue anymore.
There would only
be short periods
where they wouldn't spray.
And I would take the time to
go out and cover my garden.
I would use that white
fabric cover for gardens.
They'd spray in the morning.
Before the stuff puffed
up and obscured the skies,
I'd make sure to cover the
garden, because the reality is
this has now permeated every
leaf, every berry, everything
out there.
>>MURPHY: It has.
And I spend a lot
of time in Maui.
That's where I live.
And I live very organically.
And I took about
a six month break
after the release of this film.
I returned just in October.
When I was there
before, we noticed
about probably a 15% to 20%
death of the rainforest.
This year, we noticed
it was about 35%
of the rainforest was dead.
This is during the rainy season.
And the Hawaiians tell
us, the locals tell us,
during this time,
when the rains come,
they expect everything
to turn more green.
When the rains came about
a year and a half ago,
everything started turning
brown-- so without question.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
And the reason I brought that
up about the Sedona thing
is that's our food supply.
These trees are used for
many things, not the least
of which is fruit-bearing trees.
The trees are experiencing
bark just peeling off them,
from what I saw in your
documentary, in Hawaii.
You can come up and just stick
your fingernails in and peel
back the bark, where it
shouldn't be that way.
>>MURPHY: Right.
And that palm tree that
we included in the film--
it was dying at the
time-- it's 100% dead,
with thousands of
other palm trees
and other trees in the
rainforest during that time.
One of the things
that we're noticing
is because these programs--
and again, the proponents
of geoengineering even state
that their programs will
destroy our ozone-- we have
much more UV coming through.
Now, it's very
common to see leaves
that are singed that
are getting burned.
A lot of bark is peeling.
So these are,
again, consequences
from geoengineering that is a
very slow death to our trees,
to our plants, and our
food supply in general.
>>REGINA: And you were
talking about-- that's
just the aluminum part,
for the most part.
And we know that, also, the
barium salts and the strontium
must be implicated in that.
But when they're talking
about geoengineering--
and as you've said, these
very fine particulate
nanoparticles that they're
spraying supposedly
to alter our weather
patterns-- and we're
going to talk about
that much later.
Then why the barium?
Why the strontium?
What part does that play
in a geoengineering scene?
>>MURPHY: Well, geoengineers
don't specifically-- at least
from what we've seen--
talk about barium.
Barium is included
in the HARP patent.
There appears to be a
connection between HARP,
which hopefully, we'll get into.
But those are
things that we have
found in this chemtrail
geoengineering footprint.
They do have a lot
of properties that
can be used in weather
control and even imaging
for the military.
So there are a
bunch applications.
>>REGINA: Again,
like we said, this
is a multi-tentacled agenda.
I think tentacle is
a good word to use
instead of prong at this point.
Bees-- what about bees?
Now, if we're talking
about plant extinction,
species extinction at
very, very rapid rates now
over the last decade.
I don't remember
the exact numbers
on how many different
types of biological species
are becoming extinct each year.
Can you talk about that?
>>MURPHY: I believe
what we're looking
at is an extension rate
that is over 1,000 times
the normal rate.
And again, these programs--
there's nothing on the planet
that it does not affect.
Even an insect so
small as a bee,
this affects them,
because these are nano
sized particles, and many
times, 1/10 of a micron in size.
So they literally affect
each and every thing.
So there's a lot of
speculation that the bee death
could be a result of this.
When we talk about why in
the world are they spraying,
we can get-- dig a
little bit more deeply
about who benefits from this.
Why would any corporation
benefit from this?
>>REGINA: Yes, we
definitely will.
And also, there's been
talk that part of it
might also be some of the
RF and EMF frequencies,
HARP, and other things that
could be playing in with this
and causing destruction of
the bee colonies as well.
But just before we started
today, Jay came in and said,
have you heard about that
study-- not the study.
What is it with
Monsanto and the bees?
A new patent that
they're looking
to apply for or have
applied for regarding bees?
>>MURPHY: I haven't
looked into that too much.
But it does look like
they're appearing
to genetically
modify certain bees.
So what this is-- it
comes through the death
and destruction of nature.
>>REGINA: And our
children-- and this
is a really important part.
We ourselves might
be looking at oh,
yeah, it's inconvenient
to go in to have
to deal with upper respiratory
infections and so forth.
But these little
kids-- now anyone
who's probably under
12 years of age or so--
has been raised with this.
And a lot of people escape
to Maui, where you live,
places like Maui
and Sedona to get
away from all of the toxicity
in the urban areas and so forth.
But in reality, it's just
as bad, if not even worse,
when it comes to
chemtrails in these areas.
And you're filming
this little girl.
Let's set that up--
this sound byte.
>>MURPHY: Sounds good.
>>REGINA: A little
girl whose parents
are living on an
organic farm, right?
>>MURPHY: Organic farm,
far removed from anything,
in an area called Kipahulu,
so it's very organic.
There's no industry
in that area.
So yeah, they
raised her in that.
At the time of the filming,
she was three years old,
had never been exposed to
a vaccine or anything that
would give her any high
amounts of heavy metals.
>>REGINA: OK.
We'll go to that byte right now.
And it's a little girl who has
had hair toxicity samples done.
>>MURPHY: Correct.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SPEAKER: This
is the chart here.
This is the reference range.
And this is where my
daughter is-- 23.1 aluminum.
The skies are covered
with a white mist.
And I look up at
night anymore and I
don't see the deep, dense
stars that I used to,
and I can't help but
think this obviously
has something to do with
my daughter's health.
I don't know where else these
heavy metals are coming from.
>>SPEAKER: Yeah, look.
Look how old she is.
She's been isolated here.
>>MURPHY: Here.
And she's--
>>SPEAKER: Here.
Anybody looking at the
situation would be like,
this is paradise.
This child should
be, like, superhuman,
and here you are, getting
all this heavy metal stuff.
>>SPEAKER: She has the highest
level aluminum on the chart.
>>REGINA: So what does
this do to the development
of the brain, of every
other biological function
in the body?
>>MURPHY: I think quite a bit.
And Dr. Born elaborated in the
film about the consequences.
One thing-- we are finding
aluminum in rain tests.
Since we released
the film, people
have been testing the rain.
And again, it's been found
in thousands of times
the normal amounts that we
would expect to see in our rain.
But people have, again,
started testing their blood
and doing hair follicle tests.
A group of over 20 people
in Mojave County, Arizona,
started getting blood tests.
What they found was shocking.
85% of that group
had levels of barium
that were considered to
be at least 1,000 times
over the elevated
amounts of barium.
Aluminum levels were
very high as well.
>>REGINA: And then we have
something that is very exotic
and probably one
of the creepiest
things I have ever researched.
And that's Morgellons disease.
Sophia Smallstorm
talks about it.
If you have a chance,
you can go to YouTube
and find an hour-long talk that
Sophia gives on Morgellons.
Can you give us a little
bit of background on that?
>>MURPHY: Just a little
bit-- our studies primarily
focus on the
geoengineering aspect.
But again, biologicals--
Clifford Carnicom and again,
Sophia-- they've done a very
effective, wonderful job
at uncovering some of
the biologicals, some
of the other aspects.
Morgellons is something that
has been effectively demonized
by the corporate
mainstream media
as something that
is a mental illness.
And a lot of the
patients, apparently,
feel like bugs are running
underneath their skin.
And from what I'm
told, there are
fibers that are growing out of
many of these patients' skins.
It's very painful.
>>REGINA: These fibers appear
to be metallic in nature.
They appear to be
corporately made, metallic.
Some of them have numbers on
them from what I understand.
>>REGINA: And this is, again,
growing out of people's skin.
>>MURPHY: It's growing
out of the skin of people.
So again, it's believed to
be part of these programs.
I would reference
or refer anybody
into Clifford Carnicom's
site, because he
has done just an incredible
amount of research
into that aspect.
>>REGINA: Good.
I think that's a
good place to go.
As we're looking at this, one of
the things that keeps coming up
and has come up again for
myself and many others that
have been interested in this is
that we feel almost completely
helpless to stop it.
As you say, it's some
kind of black ops project.
Whatever's going
on there, the FAA
is not allowed to talk about.
They're kept away from that.
This is like a black
ops military project
that is being funded
from somewhere.
That has to cost-- when you
look at those tanker planes
up there, that's a
lot of money to dump
each one of those loads of
chemtrails crisscrossing
the nation in their hatch
patterns and so forth.
So that money-- do
you have any idea
where the money's coming from?
>>MURPHY: Well, that's
one thing that we're
going to be looking
at in the third film.
Everyone is asking "who?"
We answered the question what,
why, and now who is coming up.
So we're really going to focus
on that-- what corporations are
involved and the
money flow of this.
I can relate to, at one time,
feeling helpless about this.
But this movement has
grown astronomically
just in the past three years.
And Why In the World Are They
Spraying? and What In the World
Are They Spraying? have
been very effective tools.
And Maui was an area
that we really focused.
It's a smaller island.
And we did a lot of
screenings of both films
and a lot of public outreaches.
We encourage anybody
who purchases a DVD
to make copies and
hand out for free.
So we did street campaigns--
literally handed out
thousands of free DVDs.
Within about a year and a half,
we literally had critical mass.
When we first initially
went to film the first film,
probably seven people on the
island were aware of this.
Now, I would say I've
met about seven people
during my last stay.
>>REGINA: What year
was that when you first
started shooting there?
>>MURPHY: That was in 2010.
>>REGINA: 2010-- and
only seven people
you encountered
were aware of it?
Weren't they wondering what was
happening to their blues skies?
>>MURPHY: Well, we don't see
any direct trails above Maui.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, this is
important to bring up.
Please explain this,
because many people--
my friends on Maui say, no,
they never lay trails over here.
>>MURPHY: Right,
which is not true,
because now we're seeing
it on a more regular basis.
But what they do-- we
look at satellite--
they spray offshore a
couple hundred miles.
Then those aerosols come in.
And what they look like is
a wispy type, very unnatural
cloud.
And if you look at time
lapse-- and there's
plenty on the
internet-- you can see
what aerosols look
like in our atmosphere.
For those who do not
believe, public official,
the director of
health, was concerned
about this, did
over 30 rain tests.
In each and every rain
test, he found, again,
the chemtrail geoengineering
footprint of aluminium, barium
and strontium in very,
very high levels.
But Hawaii is a very
effective place,
because I saw what could happen.
When a community gets together
and when you get critical mass,
people become aware.
And the political officials,
at the county level, at least,
start giving this attention.
And we started what was called
the Maui Clean Sky Ordinance.
And we have Elle Cochran,
who's a member of the county
board, who is
sponsoring this bill.
And it will effectively ban
chemtrail geoengineering
programs on and around
the county of Maui.
So the bottom line is this.
If you believe that
we don't have power,
that's a life from
the pit of hell.
And the people who are
behind these programs, who
are profiting from these
programs, their greatest fear
is people actually waking up.
And that's why they've spent
literally millions of dollars
on disinformation
campaigns and trying
to demonize people that question
geoengineering as being crazy
or being not factual.
Bottom line is this.
A population who is
educated about this
is powerful and has
power and has the ability
to create change and
to stop these programs.
And I can guarantee, when
we get critical mass,
which we are very
close to, and when
the people who are aware of
this collectively stand up
and say, no, we
are not supporting
the corporations
that are involved,
no, we are not supporting you
if you're a public official who
is supporting these
programs, these programs
will come to a halt.
We will be able to restore
our fragile planet that's
been molested in so many ways.
>>REGINA: So many.
And this is a really
dangerous business
for those on Capitol Hill.
We're going to, in a
little bit, watch a clip
from your endeavors on Capitol
Hill, which says a lot.
It says a lot right there.
But I happened to
be in attendance
when Dennis Kucinich
first announced
that he was going to
run for his presidency
the first time around.
I was at that in Marin at
the Marin Civic Center,
at that event.
Now, Dennis Kucinich,
which is important to know,
wrote into his
space-based weapons-- ban
on space-based
weapons legislation
that chemtrails constituted
part of space-based weapons.
He wrote it solidly
in the legislation.
Just before he announced
his presidency--
I'm sure there's some
tie there-- he pulled it.
He pulled that language
specifically on chemtrails.
Someone in the audience,
when it came to the Q and A,
who was very angry about
that and well-informed
on chemtrails, stood up
and said, why did you
pull that language in the
legislation, only specifically
the language about chemtrails
as a space-based weapon?
And he said, very clearly,
if I didn't pull it,
everything else I'm trying
to do was going to go down.
And he said, next.
He wouldn't elaborate.
Someone tried to do a follow up.
He would not talk about it.
I consider him to be one of the
bravest people on Capitol Hill.
He has taken on everything.
He even stood up against
Obamacare-- everything.
And yet, even he had to cave.
So what does that
tell us about the kind
of pressure they're under?
>>MURPHY: Well, a
tremendous amount--
and as you'll see in the
next clip, our officials
at the level of Congress
and in Senate, we're
told they serve us and
the American population.
And that's a lie.
They serve the
political interests.
They serve corporate interests.
As we revealed in the
next film, these programs
are a very, very effective
way to consolidate
an enormous amount of both
monetary and political power
into the hands of few, literally
at the expense of everything.
So I think that's why
we have the silence.
However, I've had a
number of phone calls
from local officials,
state senators, who
want to get active
in implementing
these bills at the state level.
So we do have hope politically.
And there are a
number of other things
that we can do in terms
of creating awareness.
>>REGINA: However, when
you went to Capitol Hill,
it wasn't looking too good.
>>MURPHY: To say the least.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Let's take a look
at the next clip,
which is your attempt to
educate members of Congress.
>>MURPHY: Yes.
Senator, a quick
question about the issue
of the geoengineering.
>>DIANNE FEINSTEIN:
I'm afraid I don't
know what you're talking about.
>>MURPHY: I'm
wondering if you were
supportive of geoengineers'
proposals of spraying 10 to 20
million tons of aluminum
into the atmosphere.
>>POLITICIAN: I should really
get a briefing paper on it
before I give an opinion.
>>MURPHY: Oh, not a prob--
are you aware of the issue?
>>POLITICIAN: Not completely.
>>MURPHY: At all?
OK.
Do you have a letter from
constituents-- and people
have concerns.
>>MAN: We're making a
documentary about the--
>>POLITICIAN: I don't know.
You guys have
credentials to be here?
>>MURPHY: Yes.
Yes.
We do.
We passed through
security as well.
>>MAN: Endowed by our creator.
Please don't touch that.
Please don't touch
my microphone.
>>POLITICIAN: You're lying.
>>MAN: No.
What?
What did we lie about sir?
>>POLITICIAN: No, I--
>>MAN: What are we lying about?
Lying about what?
>>MURPHY: That was a
little unusual, huh?
>>SAXBY CHAMBLISS: I
haven't heard that, no.
>>MURPHY: You've
never heard of it?
And it appears that these
programs have already
been deployed.
>>RANDY NEUGEBAUER: You know,
I haven't looked that proposal.
And so why don't you
let me review it?
>>MURPHY: I can do that.
Are you aware of--
>>NEUGEBAUER:
Actually, I'm gonna go.
>>MURPHY: Congressman?
>>CLIFF STEARNS: Yes?
>>MURPHY: Do you have a second?
>>STEARNS: No.
>>MURPHY: We would
just like to--
>>HANK JOHNSON: Let me
go ahead and get that.
I will take a look at this.
And I will act accordingly.
>>MURPHY: General--
oh, I'm sorry.
This program, this
openly covert program
of the aerosol spraying--
stratospheric aerosol
spraying, geoengineering,
using tons of aluminum,
spraying it up in the sky.
>>LT GEN JAMES R.
CLAPPER JR: I have
no idea what you're
talking about.
>>MURPHY: OK.
It's commonly called
chemtrails, sir.
When you were the head of NEMA,
did you see the aerosol trails?
Hi, sir.
We're recovering an issue
called geoengineering
and wanted to know if you're
supportive of geoengineers'
proposals.
Congressman?
We're wondering if you're
supportive of geoengineers'
proposals, which is dumping 10
to 20 million tons of aluminum
into the atmosphere.
>>TIM HOLDEN: I'm not
familiar with that.
>>MURPHY: Pardon?
>>HOLDEN: I'm not familiar
with what you're talking about.
>>MARK SCHAUER: I don't know
what you're talking about.
You can take
complaints my office.
>>DALE KILDEE: I'm
not supportive.
I haven't looked at it.
>>MURPHY: Have you
heard of the issue?
Because it's becoming
mainstream and public.
And there are actually
congressional committees
which are being formed to
talk about these programs.
>>KILDEE: Yeah.
Well, I think if we drop
anything into the atmosphere,
we should know, prior to,
the effect of that, right?
>>MURPHY: Yes.
>>KILDEE: And if we don't
have the knowledge as to what
the effect will be,
we shouldn't do it.
>>BARRETt: I think there
are four different options
for thinking about
deployment of geoengineering.
The first one would
be we just ban it.
>>MORGAN: I would
argue that one does not
want to get too firm
a restriction in place
on small scale studies
early on, because it'll
tie the science's hands.
I think what the
science community ought
to be trying to do is say,
you do small scale stuff
inside this space.
And it's a scientific question
what that space ought to be.
There shouldn't be a lot of
oversight and restriction.
>>MURPHY: Congressman?
Excuse me.
Hi, I'm Mike Murphy
from Los Angeles,
covering an issue
called geoengineering.
These guys are running from
the geoengineering issue.
I wonder why.
>>CHARLIE WILSON: I'd
have to talk to my staff.
I don't know what the
details on that are.
>>MURPHY: Has anyone made
you aware of the issue?
Sir?
Congressman, your committee
talk about geoengineering
last November.
Are you in support
of those proposals?
We'd love to give you a paper.
>>BARNEY FRANK: Which?
>>MURPHY: Geoengineering.
>>FRANK: Don't know
anything about it.
>>MURPHY: You know nothing
about the geoengineering issue?
>>FRANK: No.
Don't know anything about it.
Never heard of it.
>>MURPHY: They call
it geoengineering.
>>FRANK: Yeah, I've
never heard of it.
It's nothing I've ever
heard anything about.
>>MURPHY: Quickly, have you
heard of geoengineering?
>>MAXINE WATERS: No.
>>MURPHY: The proposals to
shoot 10 million tons of metals
into the air.
This committee,
Science and Technology,
covered it for the first time.
No?
>>WATERS: No, I
never heard of it.
>>REGINA: Even our
liberal, Barney Frank.
OK.
Did anybody hear you out?
Very few, if any.
Some of the staff members did.
But bottom line is this.
There have been a number
of congressional hearings
on the issue of geoengineering.
And I believe, up to date,
now, since we filmed,
there have been even
some financial studies
on implementing these programs.
This is a taboo topic to
speak about in Washington, DC.
>>REGINA: They were lying.
They had to have
been lying, then.
If there had been committee
hearings, at least some of them
must have heard of it.
We know Feinstein has.
I know that.
>>MURPHY: And after talking
to a number of activists
who have been to Washington,
DC, each and every member
that we had spoken to has
been given information
about this issue.
But again, it's something that
if they address and they admit
to, they have a lot
of powerful forces,
a lot of forces and corporations
that benefit monetarily,
both politically,
from these programs.
So mum is the word.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Well, you know,
one thing I decided
to go ahead and look into
because we were going
to be talking about this
today that's so important
is it's easy right now to feel
pretty hopeless, and not only
for the planet, but--
and your children,
your crops, and so
forth, and your own body.
And so I talked to one of
our previous interviewees
named Dan Dunphy, who I have
a tremendous amount of respect
for.
He knows the body like almost
no one that I've spoken with.
And I asked him, what can
we do to leach aluminum?
I didn't ask about barium
or strontium-- but aluminum
from the body, since it seems to
be a preponderance of aluminum
in this mix, this
cocktail, right?
And so he did give me some
good information here.
So before I go on that,
I wanted to ask you
about anything you're
aware of that's
commonly useful in this way,
to leach it from the body
or chelate it from the body.
>>MURPHY: Absolutely.
And an organic diet
is something I highly
recommend-- keeping ourselves
and our immune system
functioning well.
A couple of things that we
can do is alkalize the body.
Eat foods, greens, things that
will keep our body alkalined.
Disease has a very
challenging time living
in an alkaline environment.
Once our body turns acidic, then
that's when disease comes in.
But there are a bunch of
things that we can do.
Chlorella is a popular
green that many people eat.
Zeolites are very effective
in removing heavy metals.
>>REGINA: What about
some of the clays?
Have you heard about that?
Any of the-- like bentonite
or anything like that?
>>MURPHY: Bentonite is something
that I use on occasion,
as well.
And that does remove
some minerals.
Along with the
aluminums, you want
to make sure that you're getting
an uptake of minerals, as well.
But Bentonite,
zeolites, other things,
are very effective at
removing the heavy metals.
So there are things
that we can do.
And my belief is that us as
activists, those of us who
are addressing this, who
are on the front lines,
we need to be healthy.
We need to be vibrant
when addressing this.
And when we do, we see miracles.
We have the energy
to move forward.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And I don't see any point
in frightening people
with this information--
it's so vast,
it does tend to make people feel
rather helpless- without giving
some really good
follow up information.
You're not a sitting duck.
You can do something about this.
One thing you were mentioning
is the organic diet,
which for many reasons,
I agree with that.
But what if these
very same crops
are having the same
stuff dumped on them,
which they are in most cases?
Most of them are not covered.
Most of them don't come from
hot houses, greenhouses,
and so forth.
>>MURPHY: This is true.
Everything, literally,
is being affected.
We found these
metals in tests that
have come from every region.
>>REGINA: Have they
had produce tests done?
In Hawaii, for example, did they
have any of their leafy greens
or any of their vegetables
tested for this content?
>>MURPHY: Not that
I'm aware of, but we
do know it's in the rain.
>>REGINA: Well, yeah,
so it's got to be.
>>MURPHY: And it is falling out.
So a number of people have
done surface tests on leaves
and also on other things, and
again, finding this footprint.
>>REGINA: OK.
Well, I wanted to share
with you-- thank you
for those suggestions.
Some of them are also what
Dan Dunphy had to say.
But he was also saying that you
want to keep the liver healthy.
The methylation cycles in
the body are super healthy.
He was saying it's
good to increase
levels of B6, B12,
and folic acid.
OK?
And that's primarily
to keep our livers
functioning in a healthy way.
Another one is-- well,
he did say the chlorella.
And one thing I
thought was interesting
is he said that if you-- a
little trick, he called it.
If you take 50
milligrams of niacin
prior to going into a dry
sauna-- it can be far infrared
or a standard
conventional dry sauna--
the niacin flushes
open the pores, right?
And so you can start
sweating out the toxins.
He said saunas are a
great way to do it,
sweating out the toxins.
And also, ozone
therapy, if you can
happen to find an
ozone chamber, you'll
see at the end of
an ozone bath, where
you have black at
the bottom of the tub
if you haven't done
one in a while.
So that's also very helpful.
And then one other thing
I was aware of when
I did some more
research was MSM.
And MSM softens the lining
of the cell, the cell wall.
And as it softens it,
it allows the cells
to sweat out any kind of toxins.
And this is being used by some
very avant garde researchers
in cancer therapies
right now, too.
So it makes total sense.
If it's dumping heavy
metals and toxins,
it's got to be dumping
the aluminum, too, right?
>>MURPHY: Absolutely.
Yeah.
>>MURPHY: That stuff's
cheap-- super cheap.
But you want to get a really
high quality one of the MSM.
So those are the
things I know about.
Now, we only have
a few minutes left.
I'd like you to give a
little bit of a tease
in terms of what we're
going to be seeing coming up
in the next segment, on Why
In the World They're Spraying?
and then also part three, Who
In the the World Is Spraying?
We've only got two
or three minutes.
>>MURPHY: OK.
Well, it was
interesting, because we
started noticing
patterns of the aerosols.
And a couple of days
before storms, we
started noticing
the heavy aerosols.
Those are the days when
people have the symptoms
and our sun is
completely blocked out.
And then again,
within a day or two,
these massive storms
would come in.
So we started contacting
meteorologists,
people who worked
in the military.
And we found out that
while aluminum, yes, it's
highly reflective and it
can be used to reflect sun,
it's also a very effective
conductor in our sky.
So what they're doing,
part of the things,
they're creating a blanket
of aluminum in our sky.
And they have the ability,
through the HARP system
or microwave
technology, literally
to heat up that metal.
And in doing so, they can
actually create a lift
in our atmosphere, which
creates a low pressure vacuum
and enables certain
corporations to steer storms
into certain regions or
out of certain regions.
So we found a
definite connection,
even by the geoengineers
talking about how particulates
from their programs would
alter our weather program.
But I went to an aerosol
research conference
and I spoke with a
number of scientists
who stated, yes,
geoengineering could
be used to not only
control our weather,
but to completely
corporatize our weather.
Of course, if you
control the weather,
you control the planet.
You can control every food
supply, every political system.
So we looked into that and the
number of different industries
that actually profit from that.
So we have worked on that.
Why In the World
Are They Spraying?
is an award-winning film.
It's now been referenced
around the world.
But now, the question
remains who is spraying?
>>REGINA: Now, you're getting
into really tricky and very
dangerous territory.
>>MURPHY: It's
dangerous territory,
but it needs to be addressed.
So we're looking
into specifically
what corporations
and individuals
are responsible
for these programs.
We feel once we get
that information out,
we can get a step
closer to getting
these damaging programs stopped
and our fragile earth restored.
>>REGINA: And give the
people the power back
to decide who we're going
to do business with,
because we're talking about
some mega corporations that
are involved, right?
>>MURPHY: I think
that's one of the keys.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Absolutely.
Thank you so much.
You deserve all the awards
you've gotten for your film.
And we're going
to continue this.
We're going to have
this conversation well
into another hour, talking
about why in the world
they're spraying.
This is his newest documentary
on the subject of chemtrails.
And it will look at the ways
in which climate change is
being manipulated for the worst.
Who stands to gain from
failed crops-- big hint,
Monsanto is one-- how
weather derivatives
are big business, and much more.
In the end, as Michael said,
he who controls the weather
controls the planet.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.